Week 36
Research about the components which is given with the catflap (all except the antenna).
Searched for substitution components that can replace excisting ones. 

Week 37
Built a prototype IR break beam diode circuit with arduino code. When the prototype was up and 
running I started working on the exciting IR diodes that's on the catflap. Researched how they react to
different resistor values and where the optimal voltage supply is to get a decent sensor output.

Week 38
The IR sensors is the one thing that is going to be constantly ON. So I been looking in to different ways 
for the component to draw as little power as possible. The solution might be that the rsp pico will pulse
PWM signals to a MOSFET which will act as an gate to activate the current for the sensor, which means we can control
when and how often the IR sensors will be ON. 
Another problem is the signal when we actually reads something. This needs to be amplified and a comparator might be the answer 
to my prayers.


Week 39
Sick most of the week. But tried to put in some hours during saturday and sunday to build the circuit to get the MOSFET 
to act as a switch. I was using a RFZ44 MOSFET that has a gate threshold voltage of 4V, and I was using the raspberry pico as
the power source, which only conducts a max output of 3.3V. 
The MOSFET wouldn't work as an switch because I couldn't give it enough power to do so. This was fixed using a PNP BJT
which boosted the input voltage for the gate of the MOSFET but also the BJT was consuming power constantly to drive the switch.
Because the solution of the switch was to consume less power, the BJT solution was not wanted. Instead a different MOSFET will 
be used with a lower gate threshold voltage. 

Week 40
Been finishing up the final tweeks of the IR sensors part. So I been working on the report writing mostly about the genereal
structur and the IR sensors method and theory. Also started focusing more on the programing for the project and more
specificly the app. Never done an app before so I been researching different frameworks where I can develope the app. Mostly 
searching for extensions from python, as django, Kivy, Beeware to see what is possible to develope there, can I develope
for both IOS and android, is it able to have input communications from other systems and so on. 

Week 41
In the beginning of the week I have been creating apps using different frameworks. I tried Kivy which is a python 
based framwork for both backend and frontend development but I was not happy with the how the frontend was 
being developt, as it dosn't use native IOS/android user interface. Beeware is newly developt and based on
python as well, even thou it has a clean user interface, the functionality was limited to what it could do at 
this stage of Beewares development. 
I landed on using Flutter, which is developt by google's chrome team. I created an initial homepage
and began to create multiple pages for the different functions of the app. Also researched about what kind 
of backend engine should be used, and the choice to be Flask, which seems powerful on its on. 

Week 42
-
